As this class is the SQL to Shopify theme development,
how to build and customize your own online store,
it is advised that you take that class first as
this class assumes you understand what a development story is,
how themekit works, and the folder structure of your Shopify theme.
Understanding theme structure is especially important
for this class as we'll be jumping straight into
the files without talking too much about
where they all fit into the Shopify themes structure.
The focus of this course is exclusively on the programming aspects of Shopify themes.
Of course, if you need more of that theoretical knowledge around themes,
definitely check out the first class.
Now, because this class is all about code,
you're going to need a good code editor.
The one I will use in this class will be the online editor in the Shopify admin but it is
highly recommended that you use
your own code editor and use themekit to download your theme code.
Secondly, you obviously need a web browser,
and third, you'll need your own Shopify store.
This store doesn't need to be a real store.
Of course, it can be a development store.
You don't need to actually pay Shopify to work on themes.
If you don't know what I'm talking about,
checkout lesson 3 of the previous class.
Now, I mentioned before, themekit,
if you haven't already,
head to shopify.github.io/themekit and grab that now,
I highly recommend it.
That's basically it for the tools.
But in terms of knowledge,
besides knowing about themes,
you're going to need to have a basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
These are the three important languages that make up the web,
and we won't be covering them specifically in this class
so if you need to gain an understanding of any of these,
simply check out some of my other classes first.
That was quite the list.
Let's quickly summarize before we move on.
In terms of knowledge, you're going to need to have at least
a basic understanding of the Shopify Platform,
the structure of Shopify themes,
I'm talking about layouts, templates,
sections, etc., and finally,
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
For the tools, you'll need a code editor, a web browser,
and a Shopify store to work on,
and Shopify Themekit if you're working with your code locally.
If you've got all of that, you're now ready to
jump straight into the next lesson so I'll see you there.